(One winter day...)
(with snow piled up)
(Master and we met.)
(After a long way,)
(they arrived at...)
(the snowy mountain...)
(in Inje, Gangwon Province.)
(One man arrived there.)
- See you tomorrow. - Yes.
Yes. Okay. See you tomorrow.
(After saying goodbye to his manager,)
(he enters a cafe early in the morning.)
The sun's not even up yet.
(Seung Gi who is energetic even in the morning is here.)
- Hello. - Seung Gi.
You're the gym man.
(After Se Hyeong and Seung Gi, Sang Yun is here too.)
You're here.
(Is white trendy?)
- Hello. - You scared me.
(Seong Jae is wearing white too.)
- Seong Jae... - Are you all wearing matching?
- You're all... - What's going on?
- I'm all alone. - No.
- Come in. - Your outfit isn't meant for Inje.
- You're all... - Look.
(Chelsea boots, ragged jeans,)
(leather jacket)
It looks like Se Hyeong and Boys.
(Yang Se Hyeong and Boys)
It looks like...
(I'm Leader Yang.)
Is there a celebrity who resides in Inje, Gangwon Province?
(Is there a celebrity who resides in Inje, Gangwon Province?)
It's going to be crazy to go...
to the broadcasting station from here.
I think the person who lives here...
- stopped broadcasting. - I know.
(They have to cross the mountains and water...)
(to meet the master.)
By the way, the poem...
The master sent us the poem he wrote herself.
The third master we're going to meet...
gave us a mission to bring.
Everyone must have a poem in their hearts.
(The master's handwriting.)
He told us to memorize...
(Memorize one of your favorite poems.)
One of our favorite poems.
I do like poems, but I don't memorize them.
What is my favorite poem?
I come to this library all the time.
(Visiting the library is my life. A poem is nothing.)
- Let's do it. Standby. - I...
Okay.
(He's flustered.)
My lie is exposed.
(This is actually a drama shooting studio.)
Which one should I pick?
(Searching for a poetry among shooting props)
It has to be something I understand, right?
I can't just memorize it.
Crazy. Crazy. Everyone is crazy.
But...
I'm going crazy.
I trust my body and soul to this headphone.
(They're going crazy with the master's assignment.)
Music is the only drug the country allows.
(Poems they prepared by selling their souls are coming soon.)
When I was told to memorize a poem,
I thought it might be Lee Oi Soo since it's Gangwon Province.
I know.
- But... - If it's really Lee Oi Soo...
I have something to say. I've read his book, "Haak Haak".
I think I'm the one who met Lee Oi Soo most recently.
(Really?)
- Where? - When I was in the army...
(Reading his face)
I went to a field trip to Hwacheon with the army.
- Look at his face. - At the Gamseong village,
I've listened to his lecture.
Are you talking about your military life again even at 7am?
I had no choice.
Did you bring something in your bag?
This one?
(Did Seung Gi, who is thorough, bring a special bag again?)
It looks quite heavy.
We always pick a person to have him sleep with our master.
At that time when we were with Master Jeon In Kwon,
he was sleeping without changing his outfit and removing his sunglasses.
I was afraid his temple could be hurt.
So, I brought something for the one who gets to sleep with the master.
It's pajamas for a couple.
(Couple pajamas?)
Wearing pajamas can raise deeper fellowship with the master.
(To build fellowship,)
(should I wear the same pajama with the master?)
Does that mean you're going to sleep with the master?
No. I brought the pajamas in your size.
It perfectly fits for you. I'll show you.
Look how it's like.
- It's really a pajama. - It looks cute.
The size is for Seong Jae.
It fits well with Seong Jae.
I think the size is for Se Hyeong.
Hold on. What's this?
Tell me what it is.
I prepared this just in case when the master is a lady.
- And there's one more for men. - Of course.
But, I think today's master can be a lady.
We had two male masters.
(The formula of master's analysis)
I think it's a good idea for sleeping together with our master.
And I want to suggest something to add more.
You need to wash anyway before you go to sleep.
It's not fun to just wash yourself.
How about washing each other?
(Startled, Washing each other?)
(Embarrassed, That's... kind of...)
That's like footbath.
I think it'd be good.
Footbath! Before you mentioned footbath,
I thought about washing each other's body.
That's not what I thought.
Do you know how embarrassing it is?
It's embarrassing, but you can get close each other.
- I assure you. - But...
Think what footbath is like.
Let's say I need to wash the master's feet.
Should I clean everywhere such as between toes?
Or should I clean them as if I'm doing a foot massage?
You should put your fingers between toes like this.
Toes look like this.
- Should I clean even here? - Look.
First, massage the foot like this.
Then, you should put your fingers between toes and do like this.
So, I told you it's kind of weird.
I have some dead skins around here.
But you need to do it.
And massage the foot everywhere.
(It's kind of embarrassing even to imagine.)
It's getting harder.
I think we'll get too close to the master.
It'll be good. But, I won't do this.
I won't either.
Only one person gets to do this, right?
- It's okay if it's not my job. - Anyone is okay except me.
- Then, I have one more. - Yes?
In the master's ear,
(In the master's ear...)
how about singing him a lullaby?
The pupil is doing it for the master, right?
It's fine as long as it's not my job.
I can't wait for the sleeping with the master today.
Anybody who gets to sleep with the master is doomed.
(Couple pajamas, footbath, and even lullaby)
- Oh gosh. - I'm fully awaken now.
The master who will be with you today...
just finished his schedule in Pyeongchang.
And he's coming here to meet you.
Then...
In that case, I guess...
Pyeongchang Olympic is a national event now.
The master can be a famous one who's promoting the Olympic.
It can be Kim Yuna.
The compact venue plan of Pyeongchang 2018.
I mean here might not be the base camp.
(Smiling even by imagining it)
- Kim Yuna... - Let's say if she comes here.
Can you do all the things we've said?
Let's say Kim Yuna is here.
Can you do those things?
- First, the pajamas sound good. - You're okay with pajamas.
- Let's say Kim Yuna is our master. - I can wear pajamas.
- Footbath? I think... - About the footbath...
- she might kick you. - It's too much.
I think I can sing a lullaby.
In her ear?
You know I've met Yuna several times for work.
I've seen her before too!
- How many times? - Once!
- I've seen her a lot. - It's not only you who met her.
I've met her six times.
Have you seen her before?
- I've never seen her. - Have you seen her before?
I've met her in person.
(I've met her in person.)
- What? - Gosh.
(You mean our Goddess Yuna?)
I don't like those kinds of people.
He didn't say anything until now and told us he's met her in person.
He has to do with a lot more than we think.
How come did you meet her privately?
Well...
I was with my acquaintances in a cafe before.
(One of the acquaintances are...)
(Kim Yuna?)
She came in as if she has an appointment.
(I see.)
And she just passed by.
I thought you actually met her.
When you say you meet someone in person,
it means that you had a conversation in the same table.
But you two met her while you were doing your work.
And I met her in person.
I think he has...
- a very different thinking. - As an elite, he's persuasive.
He actually saw her in person then.
(Am I not right?)
- From Seong Jae... - The schedule...
I hope there's skating.
I'll open the schedule.
1, 2, 3...
Why does it look so simple?
(The master's schedule)
(Thinking, With romance, With nature and pals, Cardio)
How many hours does the master sleep?
- This looks so great. - I know.
Superb.
(Scanning)
- Nice! Nice! - What is it?
You like it because there's no workout time.
I think that "With romance" part must be related to poetry.
- Maybe it's about reading. - It can be about reading.
- Or it can be about writing. - Writing, right.
Then, I'll give you the second hint about the master.
- Okay. - Yes. Good.
You can make a call with this number.
(The second hint, calling the master's acquaintance)
I'm nervous.
Call after thinking about what you want to ask.
- Hang it up. - I hung up.
I hung up.
Se Hyeong, you should've told me sooner.
You should've thought about what to ask first.
- You might murmur. - It'll show "Missed Call".
- Hey... - He just called without thinking.
To not to gibber, let's decide what you should ask.
- First, we should... - Each of you tell us what to ask.
Who is this?
"Who is this?" It's the first question to ask.
- Occupation. - You'll ask that question first.
Ask if the master is a celebrity or not...
Then, I'll ask what the master would think of the couple pajamas.
You mean what kind of reactions the master would show?
And we can ask about footbath as well.
Then, I'll call the number.
I'll go.
Who is going to greet?
Seung Gi...
- Hello. - Hello.
- Hello. - We're from All the Butlers.
(Who is going to be?)
- Hello. - Hello.
(We don't know who you are.)
Hello.
How have you been?
- I'm good. - I enjoyed your show.
Thank you for getting a phone call in this early morning.
You work so hard in this early hour.
It's not a problem.
Can you tell me what relationship you have with the master?
So many things that he has been doing...
are what I admire. Well...
- It is... - Who must it be?
- His voice is young. - I actually have no...
personal relationship with him.
Your voice sounds like Taeyang in Big Bang.
(Your voice sounds like Taeyang in Big Bang.)
(The world star, Taeyang in Big Bang)
(is the person who they're calling with?)
Oh, you're right.
(New bridegroom, Taeyang!)
(It's amazing that it's Taeyang, but that Seung Gi got it right.)
How did you know it right away?
How did you find it out?
(I'm amazed as well.)
- Thank you at this hour of morning. - I know.
- Hello. - My goodness.
- How can it be you? - When you think of the master,
which part of the master inspire you most?
What makes you that you want to meet him?
In fact,
there's not a lot of people...
- who I envy. - I see.
- But he envies this person. - Who is it?
- You're cool. - He's one of the people...
I envy most.
Have you ever met him before?
I've always wanted to meet him before.
So, I looked for a chance.
But I've never found a chance to meet him at all.
The person that Taeyang in Big Bang,
the world star, can't meet...
(Who Taeyang, the world star, longs for meeting)
(The star of stars)
(Who are you, Master?)
Do you know what we should keep in mind before we meet him?
Well...
Since I've never had any personal relationship before,
I have no idea.
We thank you that you received a call at this early hour.
But, we need to get a hint.
Because you didn't give any...
Then, I wonder why you woke up so early.
(Why did you wake up so early?)
- Well... - You just kept saying you envy him.
Then, how about coming here to join us?
About him,
I'll give you one more hint.
For a long time,
he used to be called National Blah Blah Blah.
- National Blah Blah Blah? - Wait a moment.
- National Blah Blah Blah? - Yes.
You mean not just two letters. Not Blah Blah, but Blah Blah Blah?
- Yes. - Three letters?
Three letters.
When we say there's "National" in the nickname,
- Olympic. - It means someone on the top.
- It's Kim Yuna. - National Younger Sister.
National Younger Sister!
I think this person is the first to have a nickname...
with "National".
National Younger Sister, Moon Geun Young.
National Younger Sister... He's the pioneer...
of national something.
Yes. Of course.
We are going to go and meet the master.
Do you want us...
to say anything to him on your behalf?
- I am joining the army soon. - Right.
- You're joining the army. - Yes.
- Please don't mention the army. - Taeyang,
- call me whenever it gets tough. - I...
Tell me if there is anything I can help.
- Okay. I will. - I know about the army.
- He knows about the army. - I know about the army.
I feel a special connection because you're soon joining the army.
(He sighs.)
It won't be too difficult, so cheer up.
- I will. - My goodness.
You are great.
I feel proud of you.
Taeyang,
don't make any memories in the army.
- I beg you. - No.
You will understand me when you finish the service.
- Anyway... - Thank you for talking to us.
- Yes, Taeyang. - Thank you.
- Have a good day. - You too.
Bye.
Now, you can go find the master.
I just hope he's not in the mountains.
Who is today's master?
What? He's in the mountains too.
It's a birch forest.
- This... - Here.
(The master is waiting inside the birch forest.)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(With Romance)
(Today's master...)
(enjoys romance in the mountains.)
When you think of hiking,
people think of hiking...
in spring or autumn.
But the real hikers hike...
- in winter. It's the prettiest. - They hike in the winter.
It's the most beautiful time.
- At night... - Look.
(No way.)
This is unbelievable.
- I got so shocked. - What is that?
- It's so beautiful. - My goodness.
This is unbelievable.
This looks like a different place, doesn't it?
It's really beautiful.
Aren't you curious about today's master?
I am so curious to find out.
- I... - What is he famous for?
I can think of...
one person. I think it's him.
- I think it's him. - Who is it?
- Who is it? Why not? - I can't tell you.
I will keep it to myself.
(He wants to keep it to himself.)
(Does he really know?)
- Should we ask them to tell us? - What?
Then let's do this.
Go to them...
and whisper the name. "It's Jeon In Kwon."
If they say you got it, you pass.
If you are wrong...
(What happens if they say the wrong answer?)
Then we will put snow inside your clothes.
- Inside our clothes? - Yes.
You have to endure it.
You have to stretch your arms like this.
The snow in the mountains is as good as medicine.
But Se Hyeong.
(He already feels sick.)
I want to...
know who he is before I meet him.
Of course. We all want to know.
All right.
(Confident about his answer, Se Hyeong gives the first try.)
I think the master is...
He is really whispering.
He spends time to find romance.
I think he has something to do with poetry.
(He thinks the master enjoys romance and poetry.)
Lee Oi Soo.
No.
(Se Hyeong made a wrong guess.)
(Se Hyeong's camera)
(I was so sure.)
Come here. Come here.
I already feel cold. No!
(As soon as he gets wrong, they collect snow.)
- This is crazy. - You can't talk now.
- What is that? - Please grab him from that side.
I want you to take off...
- the winter jacket. - You know it, right?
I'm very tough when it comes to these things.
We know.
I am tough,
so I won't scream like crazy to make people laugh.
(But it's already funny.)
All right.
- Ready and go. - Please insert snow.
Ready and go.
(He slowly puts snow inside Se Hyeong's shirt.)
(He continues.)
Is it going in?
Seong Jae is brutal.
- He's so slow. - Just put everything.
(He remains very calm.)
He's enduring very well.
(His shirt is filled with ice.)
(It becomes unbearable.)
(Laughing hysterically)
Get it out. Get it out.
- Where is it? - It's gone.
The snow is gone, but he says it's cold.
- You guys are... - Is it really cold?
- Hey. - It must be unbelievably cold.
- It wouldn't be just cold. - It's like poking with 100 needles.
- That must hurt. - Gosh.
- Whose name did you give? - What?
I can't tell you.
- Right. - You won't say that name then.
Well, that's why you should tell me.
I think about two of them will say the same person. Look.
Who's next?
Okay. Should I try it?
Let's go.
(The confident Seung Gi gives it a try.)
I am really not sure.
("With Romance")
(Perhaps it's the singer who sang "About Romance".)
Choi Baek Ho.
(Did he get the answer?)
No.
(He fails.)
(Oh, no.)
(It's a snow festival!)
Come here. Come here. Hold this.
- Wait. - I will take his jacket.
- Do that. - Take his jacket.
- Where will you put it? - Take it off. Take it off first.
- Why? - Take it off.
- Wait. I am sorry. - Why?
I will take your scarf.
(He kindly unwraps Seung Gi's scarf.)
- Stay still. - Why are you so excited?
You gave me a finger flick the other day.
(He's still upset about Seung Gi's finger flick.)
Hold this.
- All right. - But I didn't...
I will film Seung Gi. You film Se Hyeong.
All right. Have a sit.
How do you feel right now?
I am used to this environment.
- Okay. - I was trained to endure winter.
- What face will you make? - What?
What face will you make?
(He's proud of himself for having been trained.)
(Snow is the medicine to cure arrogance.)
- Wait. - Stay still.
Look at his face.
(He twitches.)
(He shivers.)
(His face seems to have wrinkled a little.)
- Didn't his face change? - It did.
It's over. His face changed. Stop.
Darn it!
(He transforms into...)
(a super hero.)
(Where are you, my master?)
(He's the new super hero, Sabu.)
- Didn't he... - My goodness.
Didn't he change?
(I think new blood is flowing inside me.)
It won't come out. It won't come out.
Please take it out. I can't get it out.
This is crazy.
(The hero's blood is flowing inside him.)
(He enter the atmosphere to meet the master in the space.)
(Where are we?)
Se Hyeong is thrilled.
(The hero arrives on Planet Birch.)
His face changed, didn't it?
It didn't change.
(When a civilian...)
(met snow...)
(and suffered,)
(he became a super hero.)
They say you changed.
(Super Hero on their way to meet the Master)
(Part 2 will be air shortly)
What's that? Look at those birch trees.
- That's amazing. - That's it.
- That's the birch forest. - No way.
(A white forest suddenly unfolds before their eyes.)
This is stunning.
It's so beautiful, isn't it?
This is where photographers come.
(It's as if someone poured white paint over the forest.)
Is the master here?
(The birch forest is the most beautiful in winter.)
This is so beautiful.
Who made those?
(They walk in the forest...)
(while stepping on the crisp white snow.)
I already feel like I learned something from him.
He led us...
to such a beautiful place.
(Sang Yun)
It feels like we're abroad.
Birch tree,
Your beautiful form...
and your beautiful color...
mesmerize me.
(The beautiful color of the birch tree inspired Se Hyeong.)
Thank you, birch tree.
Se Hyeong always looks mad.
- It's so beautiful. - It's white everywhere.
I feel like I'm transported to a different world.
I think our faces will stand out from the forest.
This place is unbelievable. Let's take photos.
- It's... - It's a photo zone.
(The winter forest has warmth which concrete jungle lacks.)
This is a photo zone.
I know.
(The blissful scenery makes them...)
(forget the reason why they're here.)
- Sang Yun, let's take a photo. - Okay.
1, 2, 3.
(Sang Yun and Se Hyeong at a birch forest)
Wait. Look at that.
1, 2...
- Isn't this too beautiful? - It is.
- It's like a movie set. - It's like a different world.
(It feels like they are in a different world.)
I feel like my eyes are brightened.
(The snow is filled with white light.)
(The birch trees and the snow brighten each other.)
It's so beautiful.
Look at the color of the trees and the snow.
(The birch trees and the snow shine bright.)
We're in the forest, but it feels brighter.
I think the master is a romantic.
That's why he brought us here.
This is unbelievable.
I think Seong Jae's sentimentality will suit him well.
If it weren't for him, we wouldn't have come here.
I know. I only heard the word "national".
He is not a national singer, so he's national something.
National mountain spirit?
- National mountain spirit? - Is there such a thing?
Is there such thing as a national mountain spirit?
I've never heard of it.
Is it perhaps someone who is considered everyone's little sister?
(He speaks of his wish.)
(He remembers Master Jeon In Kwon and Master Lee Dae Ho.)
(Will we finally meet a romantic master?)
It would be amazing if she is Kim Yuna.
(What if it's Kim Yuna, the national figure skater?)
(Is it her, who suits white snow better than anyone?)
(No way.)
(Is this Winter Olympics special?)
(Who will welcome them with a lovely fairy smile?)
(Who is this silver fairy...)
(in the birch forest?)
(Who is their romantic master with shining silver hair,)
(who strolled around the forest...)
(waiting for his pupils?)
You should only stare at the front from now on.
He must be coming now.
You want us to stare at the front.
(Why are they not allowed to turn back?)
I am nervous.
(They are excited and nervous.)
Isn't it like that?
It's like that show where a man and woman go on a date...
- "Mountain Cabin Blind Date"? - and then make a decision later on.
- "Mountain Cabin Blind Date"? - Something like that.
Will he stand behind the person he likes?
It will be amazing if it's Kim Yuna.
I can't wait to turn around now that you've banned it.
Perhaps it's Moon Geun Young.
I've never met one of those so-called "nation's little sisters".
When will he come?
I am afraid that he's going to attack us from behind.
- I am scared. - When will he come?
(The master's footsteps will kill their excitements.)
Is he here?
- I am nervous. - He's a national something.
- That's your master. - How long will he take?
(They have no idea who their master is.)
They don't see him yet.
- You don't see him yet? - Is he here?
- Is he here? - I can't see what's behind.
Is he near enough to hear us?
- Is he? - I am scared.
(The sound of his breaths near, and they become nervous.)
I heard a woman's voice.
It's...
(They desperately waited for him.)
- He's here. - I can't wait.
(He's the 3rd master of All the Butlers.)
Sir!
- Seung Gi. - My goodness.
- Hello, sir. - Hello.
(The master's appearance turns excitement into shock.)
Hello, sir.
(The romantic master is Choi Bool Am.)
- Hello, sir. - Hello.
- Hello. - You've come a long way.
Hello, master.
("Country Diaries")
(Father, Choi Bool Am)
(He was on "Country Diaries" for 22 years.)
(He was on "Chief Inspector" for 18 years.)
(He's the legend of family drama.)
(He represents long-running dramas.)
You're talking nonsense.
(He laughed...)
(and cried...)
(with the entire nation.)
(He's the nation's father figure, Choi Bool Am.)
(A romantic day with him begins now.)
- Hello. - Hello, sir.
- Hello. - You've come a long way.
- Hello. - My goodness.
- It's nice to meet you. - You are the youngest, right?
- Yes. - Hello, I am Yang Se Hyeong.
- Se Hyeong. - Yes.
- It was him. - My name is Lee Sang Yun.
It's nice to meet you. Thank you for coming out here.
- No problem, sir. - It's nice to meet you.
I can't believe we met here.
None of you has done a show with me, right?
- No. - No.
But I've seen a lot of your shows.
What did you see?
Isn't "Korean Food Table" the only thing you saw?
I've seen that a lot too.
- We will greet you in our way. - All right.
It's very nice to meet you, sir.
- We are All the Butlers. - We are All the Butlers.
Thank you.
I didn't expect that.
(They bow.)
I have to bow too.
No.
(His presence makes them bow down.)
My goodness.
I never thought I'd have the chance to meet Mr. Choi.
Do you live around here?
- Or do you often come here? - I don't live here.
We shot "Korean Food Table" in Pyeongchang.
I spent another night there for this show.
Then I moved here this morning.
- That's why... - Do you not come here often?
(Why did he choose to come to the birch forest in Inje?)
I've been yearning to see this forest.
I've been wanting to see this birch forest.
Look at them. They look as if all their eyes and mouths are open.
(Eyes?)
(Mouths?)
(After hearing that, they finally see the eyes.)
- Those? - They do look like eyes.
- Don't they look like eyes? - They look like eyes.
They...
You can't hide your feelings here.
All the eyes are watching you.
(You can't hide your feelings because you're being watched.)
Say hello to the birches. They grant all your wishes.
Everything you say sounds so poetic.
(His words contain romance.)
- Let's go around the forest once... - Yes.
and think of a poem in your heart.
(A poem?)
(Think of a poem in your heart.)
(They can't understand his intention clearly,)
(but they slowly tune into...)
(the master's sentiments.)
(Before they started walking with the master,)
(it was just a white forest that looks good in photos.)
(But thanks to the master's story, they think of different thoughts.)
I realized this just now.
When the birch trees are in a big group,
they look like baby's breath.
Baby's breath is beautiful when there's a bunch of it.
It's like baby's breath.
It's as if a fairy made us small,
and we went inside...
- a bundle of baby's breath. - Right.
We can imagine that we are inside the bundle of baby's breath.
- That's how it really feels. - Now that you've said that,
I feel like I smell the baby's breath.
- I can imagine it. - You've gone too far.
(He keeps Se Hyeong in check.)
You are precisely right.
Right?
Right.
Yes. It's nice...
that he's very expressive.
(Seong Jae stares at the trees for a while.)
I think the birch trees are...
like icicles growing upwards.
(The birch trees are icicles that grow upwards.)
I love that expression.
They're like icicles grown upwards.
That's a nice way to put it.
It's as if all the snow is...
trying to get back to the sky.
You should stand next to him.
We should change positions.
(The master loves Seong Jae's expressions.)
His expressions are varied and lovely.
Let's go down now. Enough of staring at the sky.
(Seong Jae is a little closer to becoming the master's favorite.)
What did you just say about the snow?
(I should say something too.)
- It sounds nice. - Icicles that have grown upwards.
The trees look as if...
they've come up with rules of their own as...
to not become nuisances to each other.
I think they grew only within the space they're allocated.
That's how they are planted.
(The master teaches him the truth.)
(He's lost.)
Like that.
Let's go.
It's not going well at all.
Seong Jae is taking away all his love for me.
Let's try a little harder, Se Hyeong. Cheers.
(After walking for a long while, they return to the trees.)
Now that we've walked far enough,
let's pray and make our wishes. Grab the tree like this.
Will my wish come true then?
It will grant your wish.
- Really? - Of course.
It just can't speak.
So tell your wish to the tree.
(I will do whatever the master tells me to do.)
The tree will listen. Give it a try.
(He sticks to the tree right away.)
Dear birch tree.
(He prays to the tree.)
Thank you...
for growing so beautifully.
(He's not sleeping.)
Happiness.
Don't look elsewhere for it.
You will find big happiness...
in the smallest things.
I wonder if you are listening to me.
I wonder what you will think of me...
I am very curious.
Thank you for listening to me.
Will you talk to me about yourself?
I see.
(He listens to the tree.)
Like you said...
When looked from afar,
- we all look like... - Your roots...
- people who are losing their minds. - are touching,
but you must've been lonely because you can't hug each other.
Coming up here, I thought of many things.
Happy New Year, dear birch tree.
I didn't understand why...
- I had to come up here. - I keep saying my wish to you.
- I didn't understand it. - Dear birch tree.
I hope you will forget about all your sorrow.
- I love you. - I love you.
- Let's go. - I comforted the tree.
- Good. - Let's go.
That's a classroom.
- There's a classroom. - Let's take a seat there.
(They go up to warm their bodies.)
(Seung Gi's nose runs.)
Seung Gi's got runny nose.
My nose is just being respectful to the weather.
It's winter.
Master,
I brought some warm coffee for you.
- Did you prepare it again? - Oh, dear.
It's insulated, so it's still hot.
When you press the button, the lid opens right way.
It stays really warm.
When did you prepare this?
I am touched.
Do you not have any paper cups?
- It's all right. - You can use my hands.
You can use my hands as a cup.
It might be very hot.
(The master is delighted by his pupil's cute actions.)
Is it warm?
- Is it okay? - It's delicious.
(So is this how it's going to go?)
(Guys, I am his favorite pupil.)
- Let's recite a poem each. - Right.
- He told us... - Why did you...
- Why a poem? - tell us to think of a poem?
It's romantic, isn't it?
Romance is a wish.
They say...
The family doesn't know that the father has a poem in his heart.
(He quotes a saying.)
Fathers usually don't speak out about their feelings.
They usually don't.
They can't spill out what they keep deep inside.
They feel like they have to summarize it in a few words.
But that's what a poem is.
The family doesn't know the father's buried feelings.
(He thinks a poem is words buried in a father's heart.)
(Everyone must have a poem in their heart.)
When I saw this,
I loved it because it's a poem in itself.
This was a poem for me.
It's amazing that you found it.
Anyone would've noticed this.
Why don't you recite it like a poem?
(What?)
Everyone must...
- That's not where you stop. - You should stop after "everyone".
- You should stop after "everyone". - You should stop after "everyone".
Everyone...
must...
bury a poem in their heart.
That was too fast.
Bury a poem... in their heart.
- Bury a poem in their heart. - Bury.
- Everyone... - It's like when you bury something.
Everyone must...
keep...
- a poem in their heart. - It's "bury".
- Bury. - But it says "have".
Read it, sir.
- It says "have a poem". - Right. You're right.
Why are you so harsh on me?
You're right.
You should read it.
He's Seong Jae the sentimentalist.
Everyone...
must...
have a poem...
in their heart.
Good job.
What's his name again?
- Right, he did well. - You...
- read the poem. - Yes.
But you didn't convey...
the feeling of having a poem in your heart.
He's got a poem in his heart.
He's very sentimental.
- That's good enough. - Now,
each of us will recite a poem.
- Let's go with the tide. - Let's recite a poem.
I really like...
Poet Na Tae Ju.
I will tell you the title later.
(He's nervous...)
(to actually recite the poem.)
- Wait. - Gosh.
Get in the mood.
(He relaxes and gets in the mood.)
(He's getting in the mood too.)
I will give it a try.
[VIU Ver] E06 Master in the House / All the Butlers
"Master in the Winter Forest"
-= Ruo Xi =-
On days when I missed you,
I drew a picture.
On days when I felt lonely,
I listened to music.
On days when I had nothing to do,
I...
had to think of you.
It's Na Tae Joo's "How to Live".
(Na Tae Joo's "How to Live")
Why did he have to think of her?
That was the only way he could live.
That's why its title is "How to Live".
They parted.
When he had spare time,
after doing everything he could,
he had to think of her. He did it to live.
- It's... - It sounds like...
he has a broken heart.
Did you break up with your girlfriend?
The relationship with a girl didn't go well, did it?
You saw it well.
(Come on.)
(I can't beat him with my sentiments.)
That's not what happened.
I thought it'd be nice if it's used in a song or in a drama.
That was really lovely. Let's give it up for him.
It as Poet Na Tae Joo's "How To Live".
That was great.
(Thank goodness.)
There was a poem that I came to my mind.
There's a poem I really like.
Seong Jae recited such a sentimental one. This one is not sentimental.
How can a poem not be sentimental?
But... Right.
- He got scolded. - I am sorry.
- Please start. - Okay.
(He doesn't know the importance of sentiments.)
The boiling blood of Red Devil.
Shoot. Shoot. Shoot.
(Shoot?)
The ball...
destroys the opponent, and they shout for joy.
It's mad. It's mad. Everyone is mad.
Anyone who isn't mad...
is the really mad one.
(He's impressed.)
What was that?
My goodness.
So that's his weakness.
I thought it was witty.
Yes.
It's a poem about the situation...
of 2002 World Cup.
Late Pi Chun Deuk wrote this poem.
It's called "Red Devil".
Anyone who isn't mad is the really mad one.
When you think of how crazy it was at the time...
I memorized this poem and recited it to everyone.
"Have you seen this poem?"
Your interpretation of the poem really absorbed me.
- You are a real mad man. - You're too kind.
- You're amazing. - You're amazing.
You prepared a lot. You really prepared for this.
I will go next.
(Se Hyeong gets up.)
(1, 2)
(What is he doing?)
What is that?
(He plays the background music.)
Whether the sun rises or sets,
our sun is always bright.
If one day someone tries...
to block that sun,
like that light that shines through the fingers,
we will shine.
The title is...
"Choi Bool Am and Birch Tree".
I wrote it while we were taking the walk.
My goodness.
("Choi Bool Am and Birch Tree" by Yang Se Hyeong)
- You... - What was that?
just keep surprising me.
A while ago, you...
Did you just write that?
I wrote it.
I saw the sunlight shining through the trees.
And I realized you can see the sunlight even in the forest.
I realized you can always find hope amid adversity.
It's like the light that shines...
through your fingers.
It means...
- Even if someone blocks the sun... - Even if someone blocks the light,
- you still have hope. - you still see the light.
That's what I wanted to express.
- I'm embarrassed. - Don't be.
If you're embarrassed,
then you didn't need the music in the background.
Right, I just wanted to try it.
It has nothing to do with the sunshine...
- or the light. - Right.
(It was too much for Bool Am.)
(Seung Gi is nervous.)
I'm hoping to hear a poem that's better than what these three wrote.
- Take your time to get ready. - I worked so hard on it.
- Okay. Your poems are all great. - I'm impressed.
(I need to do something very special.)
I'm thinking...
There are various genres of poetry, you know.
Mine is an acrostic poem, the most-loved genre on variety shows.
(Acrostic poem)
- I see, an acrostic poem. - I'll come up with one now.
- I'll think of it as a warm-up. - An acrostic poem?
I'll try to convey these sentiments...
- Give it a shot, then. - Choi Bool Am.
I'll come up with an acrostic poem using your name,
so let me know what you think.
Choi Bool Am. I'll use your initials.
I'll give it a shot.
- C. - C.
Choi is tipsy.
What? Tipsy?
Not drunk? Just tipsy?
- Choi is tipsy. - All right, good.
- Choi is tipsy. - B.
- Boy, it's uncomfortable. - "It's uncomfortable."
A.
I'm missing you
(Am missing you)
- I see. "I'm" instead of "Am". - He's good.
Thanks, Se Hyeong.
I'm missing you
(He even did a voice impression.)
I'll give it a shot too.
- Sure. - Oh, Master. Really?
- Well, it's not that good though. - I'm excited.
- C. - C. The coolest.
- B. - Be happy.
- A. - A.
(Sang Yun is super excited to hear what he'll say.)
I wonder what he'll say.
(A)
- A. - A.
Have you turned into a rock? Like the Chinese character?
(Have you become a rock?)
- He's a rock. - That's what "Am" in my name means.
This is sensational.
He expressed it using his body.
He turned into a rock at the end.
- No one has done this before. - Choi Bool Am.
(Bool Am)
(A rock)
I've never even thought of doing that.
- It's hard. - It can be funny, right?
- Of course. - Sure thing.
Ours were funny too.
C.
Choi hasn't been in many TV shows or films recently,
so he thinks that young people these days may not know who he is.
- B. - B.
Because of that, he's a little anxious.
- A. - A.
I'm Choi Bool Am.
That's pretty good. "I'm".
Sang Yun is actually good at this.
- Impressive. - That was pretty good.
(From English and Korean to Chinese)
"I'm Choi Bool Am."
- That hurt my feelings though. - "I'm Choi Bool Am."
(Sang Yun musters up the courage to ask him about it.)
Why is it that we never see you in movies or TV dramas these days?
While working on the last TV drama I was in,
I thought that...
I should quit dramas altogether.
- TV dramas? - It's because...
I felt too distanced.
From everyone including the directors and scriptwriters.
I was hoping that they'd correct me whenever I made a mistake...
or when they weren't happy with my acting,
but all of them just kept agreeing with me and complimenting me,
so I couldn't improve.
(He felt that he wasn't improving.)
I'm not sure if I can say this,
but I think that attitude is so inspiring.
- The way I think? - Yes.
What's inspiring about it?
The fact that you think like that. I don't know if there are...
other actors who think that way.
I didn't really retire from acting.
I stepped down to make room for younger actors.
I didn't want to make anyone uncomfortable.
(This veteran actor played father characters for 50 years.)
(He was like a friend, a son,)
(and a father to every Korean in all those years.)
(Leaving the thing...)
(that meant everything to you)
(His words carry an immeasurable weight of time.)
Master, then today...
- Actually... - Where will you take us?
We're obviously not going to his place.
- Where will we stay? - Where are we going?
Are we going to stay here?
On my way here...
My comrades live nearby. They're my friends.
(Comrades?)
- I'm going to sleep at their place. - I see.
Do you guys want to come with me?
- Yes, of course. - We'd love to.
(They'll meet his "comrades" too?)
- Then we should go to that town. - Yes.
- Okay. - When we get there... Hang on.
I should call them.
My gosh, I'm very excited right now because...
Master travels all over the country to...
- "Korean Food Table". - Exactly.
He travels all over the country to taste delicacies, you know.
- Master, I'm really excited too. - I wonder what he'll eat today.
- No, no. - All of us are excited.
I should have them prepare some food then, right?
- Yes. - I should give them a heads-up.
Well, I'm... Let's just go there first.
All right, let's go have some food!
I never thought I'd get to meet you...
on a variety show.
I always thought of Master as someone...
whom I can only see on TV or in books.
(He's the epitome of the ideal father figure.)
Hang on. I should call them now.
(Whom is he calling?)
It's me.
("The Godfather" starring Choi Bool Am)
I'm on my way now. I'll be there in about 10 minutes.
I'm almost there. Did you get a chance to prepare some snacks?
- Will we drink right away? - Snacks?
(We'll eat and drink this soon?)
You don't need to prepare too much.
This is amazing.
- I'm already salivating. - My gosh.
Where should I meet you guys?
What? Where Zhang Fei used to live?
All right. I'll see you soon.
(Zhang Fei?)
- Zhang Fei? - Zhang Fei?
- Who was that? - I'll tell you guys when we arrive.
(Is it his friend?)
(I won't tell you guys just yet.)
(They're in the heart of the mountains.)
- We're inside the mountains. - Look at that. Gosh.
We're really in the heart of the mountains.
(They still don't know who Zhang Fei is.)
(They follow this narrow, twisty road...)
(that's like a maze.)
Look at the trees over here.
They look so old.
(They keep driving, but the scenery doesn't change.)
If it snows... Gosh, it'll be disastrous.
We won't be able to get out of here if it snows a lot.
Yes, totally.
I heard it goes down to minus 20°C here in winter.
Minus 20°C?
(Did they foresee their future?)
- Gosh. - What is this?
My gosh, I've never experienced weather like this.
Guys, let's hurry.
We won't be able to leave tomorrow.
I feel like I'm on a survival show.
(No one can get out of here!)
We're totally stranded here.
Master, isn't this where we're going?
(They don't know what's awaiting them.)
We're here. It's that house over there.
- Oh, that house? - Yes.
(At the end of the maze)
- This town... - That's Zhang Fei's place.
Zhang Fei.
- We sure are in Gangwon Province. - The air is so fresh.
We're really in Gangwon Province now.
(The frozen nature...)
(dazzles us with its beauty.)
(The bonfire warms them up.)
What's that? I see smoke.
My gosh! Hold on.
- Something's cooking in the pot. - They already started the fire.
It's...
With you here, this actually looks like "Korean Food Table" now.
- I see this all the time. - You're right.
Are they cooking something for Master?
(Hongcheon Food Table)
Can we open this?
- Oh, my. - What's that?
- I see herbs. - Wow.
They're making broth.
- That's... - All sorts of herbs are in it.
Yes.
- Bellflower roots. - Bellflower roots.
- I see lacquer tree barks. - They'll make chicken stew.
It smells very healthy.
Chicken will go in here. Anything will taste good in this broth.
- Like baeksuk. - Exactly.
Most cooking scenes in "Korean Food Table" look like this.
- That's right. - What Master does is...
Let's say that there's a lady here cooking away.
Master shows up saying, "What are you making?"
(Hongcheon Food Table, See you next week.)
So, whose house is this?
This is Liu Bei's place.
- Liu Bei? - Yes.
So, there are Zhang Fei and Liu Bei?
Zhang Fei, Liu Bei, and Guan Yu as in "Records of the Three Kingdoms"?
- Are they their real names? - That's right, Zhang Fei.
- Are they brothers? - No, they're just nicknames.
While I was shooting the drama, "Heaven's Garden", here,
They helped me out a lot.
Is there Guan Yu too?
- Yes, there's Guan Yu too. - Really?
(There's Guan Yu too.)
Does that mean you're Zhuge Liang?
Zhuge Liang? No, I'm not Zhuge Liang.
(Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei)
(Are they real people?)
(Back in the days when the Choi Bool Am series jokes were popular,)
(there lived 3 brothers.)
(Their hands are filled with delicious goodies.)
(With wild boar legs, homemade liquor,)
(and dried radish greens)
(We're on our way to meet you like the first snow.)
(Snowflakes just started falling down.)
(Along with the fluttering snowflakes,)
(they arrive.)
Oh, over there... I think...
There they are.
(The 3 brothers are here.)
- Hello. - Oh, there they are.
- Hello. - Hello.
(They're here to meet the master.)
They must be Liu Bei, Guan Yu, and Zhang Fei.
- It's been so long. - He bowed so politely.
- It's good to see you. - My gosh.
- You look the same. - Goodness.
Hey, your hair is all white now.
- It's always been like this. - Goodness.
(The white hair shows how much time has passed.)
You look the same.
- Bool Am, you look the same. - What are you talking about?
It's not like time doesn't flow for some people.
Time only stops when you die.
Seeing you makes me feel alive.
Really?
- How many years has it been? - Right, how long has it been?
(They deeply missed each other.)
- He's so happy to see them. - I know, right?
- His eyes are welled up with tears. - Yes.
I missed you, Bool Am.
- I missed you guys too. - I know.
Let me hold your hand again.
(They've been waiting for this moment.)
- My gosh. - We really missed you.
Where's your wife?
She's in the countryside.
Well, she said she'd be back, but she's not back yet.
(I beg your pardon?)
You should've treated her better.
The better you treat them, the more they want to leave you.
- That's... - Does he mean...
that his wife isn't back yet?
- Where is she now? - I don't know.
(We can't tell whether he's joking or not.)
- It's cold. Let's go in. - But...
- It's too cold. Let's go in. - Okay.
- It's freezing. Let's go inside. - Can we go in too?
(Master, what about us?)
I should introduce you guys to them.
(He had forgotten about them.)
- Master. - All right.
Guys, say hello.
This is Zhang Fei.
He's Zhang Fei. Hello.
(The cool guy, Zhang Fei, age 73)
- He's Zhang Fei. Hello. - Hello.
- It's nice to meet you guys. - We're happy to meet you.
This is Liu Bei.
- Oh, hello. - Hello.
(The gentleman, Liu Bei, age 74)
(Master gave them the nicknames.)
This is the oldest one, Guan Yu.
- Hello. - Hello.
(The big brother, Guan Yu, age 83)
(Polite)
It's nice to meet you.
Now that we've met, we should shake hands.
- Here. - It's very nice to meet you.
- It's nice to meet you. - Likewise. Thank you.
Hey, did you serve in the special forces?
Yes, I did serve in the special forces.
- Really? - Yes.
He served in the Marine Corps.
- The Marine Corps, I see. - Yes.
I could tell. You're very charismatic.
- It's cold, so let's go in now. - Okay.
- We can talk inside. - Let's go in.
Okay, go ahead.
What kind of snacks did you guys prepare?
(They're going into Liu Bei's place.)
- Go in, Bool Am. - Okay.
- My, look at that. - Gosh.
- There are jars of liquor. - It's like a liquor storage room.
- It really is. - Amazing.
This is awesome.
(The room is filled with homemade liquor.)
Are they all homemade?
This is like the perfect hangout.
Gosh, this is amazing. I love this vibe.
(It looks like we can look forward to today's lunch.)
Feel free to ask them for help.
Okay. If we run out of snacks later...
Yes, anytime. I'm very quick.
Do you know how to catch a chicken?
- A chicken? - Yes.
- A live chicken? - Of course.
Who catches a dead chicken?
(Why would anyone catch a dead chicken?)
(Sang Yun's eyes are quivering.)
You'll have to catch a live chicken.
(I'm in trouble.)
(Don't be scared. We're just kidding.)
(They're already frozen.)
Anyway, make yourselves at home, guys.
(Oh, okay.)
The food must be here. I think it's here.
- It looks amazing. - We should go bring it.
My gosh.
Oh, my. This is...
- What is it? - Gosh, that's...
(It's a feast.)
This is... Oh, my.
(For the hungry young men)
This is really...
We don't eat many side dishes here in this small country town.
There are so many side dishes.
- Deep-fried bellflower roots? - Yes, that's right.
(Bellflower roots that have endured the cold weather)
(Bracken fern that smells like the mountains)
(And there's even freshly caught wild boar that Zhang Fei brought.)
(Everything on this table is from Hongcheon.)
(It really is Hongcheon Food Table.)
The two of us went out to the field and plowed through the snow...
to dig those up yesterday.
(He places the glasses neatly.)
(Sang Yun seems especially enthusiastic.)
- That's right. - This must be it.
Why did you take all of them? There are four over there too.
(We need 4 over there too.)
- Oh, right. - I'm sorry.
Do this, will you?
- Sang Yun. Do this, okay? - I know.
- Gosh, I'm... - You should've counted them.
I know. Gosh.
(Teasing them is fun.)
The first thing you guys need to taste is bellflower roots.
- Bellflower roots? - Try it.
Liu Bei went out to the field and plowed through the snow...
to dig those up because you were visiting.
(Liu Bei harvested the bellflower roots himself.)
We should try the bellflower roots.
If you mix these two together,
- you can't... - The bellflower roots are so good.
- It's savory. - It's really good. The greens too.
(It almost tastes like meat.)
Is this the wild boar meat?
- It's steamed with spices. - Steamed meat with spices.
It doesn't taste like boar.
Just eat it. It's good for you.
I didn't think wild boar meat would be this tender.
- It's really good. - Yes, it is.
The kimchi is so good.
- My, it's delicious. - It tastes perfect.
All right. Let's eat, guys.
(Why is he turning his chair that way?)
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Bool Am, it's so good to see you. - Take care of your health.
(Let's clink our glasses without those youngsters.)
Okay.
(They're embarrassed.)
It helps mentally.
It's a nice break, you know.
We met because all of us like to drink.
Drinking is great.
Master has completely turned his back on us.
Guan Yu, it's been so long.
It's been too long. I almost cried because I missed you so much.
(He filled his glass with his tears.)
Let's have another glass. Give me that.
- Me? - Yes.
I've already had three glasses.
What are you talking about? You've only had two.
Gosh, I can't fool you.
I'll pour you a glass. Just drink it.
- Don't lean against it. - Pick up your glass.
Here, I picked it up.
(What's going on? Are they fighting?)
Then, do the three of you...
What's the name of this vegetable?
(They can't even hear Se Hyeong.)
(They've been rejected.)
- I think this is thistle. - Right, by the way...
Bool Am, are your joints okay?
I had heart problems. Arrhythmia.
Then you should drink the liquor made with wasps.
- Try a little. - Is it good for the heart?
It unclogs arteries.
It's like getting stung by a bee.
Alcohol cures all ailments.
- Bool Am likes this liquor. - Yes.
This one is good for blood circulation.
Hawthorn berry liquor helps with circulation.
I really enjoyed the one you sent me a long time ago.
(The distance between us and Master)
Hey, it's snowing a lot.
(Like the brothers' chat)
- I think we'll get caught. - I know.
(The snow keeps piling up.)
- Shall we step out? - Bool Am.
If it's now...
(Will it be okay though?)
- But... - If it's together...
(They're talking,)
(so they won't know if we sneak out quietly.)
(They communicate through body language.)
- Bool Am. - We should put on our jackets.
Those who don't come aren't your real friends.
When will you do it?
- My 80th birthday party? - Yes.
My 80th day party... Does it have to be on my birthday?
- No. - No.
- You can do it before. - Before your birthday is fine too.
- I can do it whenever I want? - Yes.
You should...
Well, when would be good?
It should be a day that works for everyone.
Anyway, my birthday is...
(They've finally...)
(escaped the awkward situation.)
(Snow is the only thing that welcomes us.)
I've never been in that kind of situation. Have you?
- The situation was funny. - It was hilarious.
- The snow has piled up quite a bit. - The snow looks so lovely.
My, this place is amazing. How can it look like this?
- I'm happy he brought us here. - It's so beautiful.
The scenery is picturesque.
Gosh. I must say, we can never see snow like this in Seoul.
It really snows a lot here.
(They keep marveling at the scenery they rarely get to see.)
It's cold.
We rarely get to see snow like this, you know.
- That's right. - Then...
let's play a game here to decide who will sleep beside Master tonight.
(Let's decided here.)
What do you guys think?
(On the snow?)
It won't be easy.
(It doesn't sound like it'll be easy.)
Really? I don't think it's a bad idea.
(I don't care as long as it's not me.)
What do you think? But don't forget.
It'll be a little different today.
Whoever that gets picked will have to wash his face and feet for him.
- Will it really be okay though? - And the matching pajamas.
- You'll have to give him a hug too. - And sing a lullaby.
- A lullaby. - Right, that too.
(Whoever that gets picked...)
(will have to do all of the aforementioned with the master.)
(Even just the thought of it scares them.)
I really missed you guys.
(I want to see who will sleep beside me!)
What about this game? Shall we just do it?
(They'll play a game on the snow.)
- We should use the snow. - Oh, right.
- I got an idea. - What is it?
(What's the game using snow?)
You've all tried dunking your faces in water, right?
How about the four of us dunk our faces in snow?
- The one that gets up first... - Yes, he'll sleep beside Master.
(It's snowing so much now,)
(and there's already a lot of snow piled up.)
(A heavy snow warning is issued, and it feels like minus 30°C.)
("Everything Is Frozen")
("Even Seawater Is Frozen in Gangwon Province")
(They might freeze to death before they can even sleep.)
(Will I be able to go back in one piece?)
So? Isn't it a good idea?
Like totally in the snow?
Exactly. All the way in.
Then we won't be able to breathe, right?
You can still breathe, but your skin will feel like it's about to rip.
This is really...
This is crazy.
(Forget all the pain tolerance games.)
- It's not really a game. - When we get up,
our lips will be all purple.
Gosh, I know how painful this is.
- I'm serious. It hurts. - I bet. It must hurt.
I bet it'll hurt. That's exactly why we're doing it.
But I want to win.
I'll have to awaken my special forces spirit. I'll need it.
- This is really... - Guys, let's warm up.
Let's warm up.
(Their face warm-up exercise is making them look so ugly.)
This definitely won't be easy.
(He's having mixed feelings.)
The one who gets up first...
shouldn't try to make others suffer more.
- Tell the rest of us to get up. - Yes, totally.
- Otherwise, it'll be dangerous. - Okay.
- Got it. - Our skin can actually rip.
All right, let's do this.
(I'm in deep trouble.)
As long as I'm not the first one that gets up.
All right, let's go!
This will be very hard.
- Shall we get on our knees now? - Yes.
- Just one knee. - On the count of three, guys.
I'll just use my one knee.
- What? No, you have to use both. - I'll just use on knee.
You have to use both. Your knees get cold too.
- Really? - Use both.
- Both knees, okay? - Got it.
- Both knees. - Both knees like this.
- Gosh. - See? Even your knees feel cold.
(Their knees feel cold even though they're wearing pants.)
All right, here we go.
Bring your face close to the snow. All right, guys.
- My gosh! - Ready? Here we go! Let's do this!
(They're doing it, but...)
- What are we doing now? - Here we go!
(Why are we doing this right now?)
Here we go! Let's do this!
(Here we go!)
- 1... - 1, 2, 3!
(Their faces are buried in snow.)
(Screaming)
(It feels like minus 30°C.)
(Their faces probably feel like minus 80°C now.)
Get up already!
Can someone please get up?
I think this is a very bad idea!
Get up!
(The intolerable pain)
(It's making them go crazy.)
(Except for Sang Yun)
(What are they doing now?)
- Here we go! 1, 2, 3! - 1, 2...
(While the 3 of them were buried in the snow and couldn't see,)
(Sang Yun was quietly watching them.)
(He's conflicted.)
(They say that nothing is impossible...)
(when you set your mind to it.)
Get up already!
(That can-do attitude can make you go crazy in the snow like this.)
Please!
Seung Gi, please get up.
(No matter how hard Se Hyeong tries to push him,)
(he won't even budge.)
(He tries throwing snow at him.)
Get up.
(But it doesn't work.)
- Seung Gi, please get up! - Get up already!
(The more they tolerate it and suffer in pain,)
(the guiltier Sang Yun feels.)
(What should I do?)
Hey, get up already!
(I guess I should just dunk my face in the snow now.)
You guys are not dead, right?
(Se Hyeong gives up after 52 seconds.)
Get up now!
Guys, get up. You can all get up now.
(Seong Jae gets up.)
(Screaming)
(He can't even pronounce properly.)
(Everyone got up.)
(I didn't die!)
(My gosh!)
(I can't even close my mouth.)
(Roaring)
(This one is calm.)
Se Hyeong, this is really...
(I must've been out of my mind.)
(Why on earth did I suggest playing this game?)
(I really can't close my mouth.)
Gosh, hold on.
My jaw is making a weird sound.
(I think my jaw is making a weird sound.)
(Is my mouth frozen?)
(Looking at how much pain they're in,)
(a wave of guilt surges up in Sang Yun's heart.)
I don't think my cheekbones are moving. Are they moving?
(Is my face paralyzed now?)
Wait, I don't think I can move my jaw.
(That's my cheekbone.)
My jaw isn't moving.
(I'm sorry, guys.)
That was like doing a facial treatment with snow.
Look at this. My face totally went in there.
(His tightly closed eyes and his lips that were shivering in cold)
While my face was buried in the snow...
Didn't you guys also feel the fear of death?
I was overwhelmed by the fear. I've never played a game like this.
I'm so impressed that all of us tolerated the pain for that long.
But I feel refreshed now that I'm out of the snow.
- Doesn't your skin feel firmer? - Yes, a little.
- Right now, I feel... - My skin feels much firmer.
It feels so firm.
(This guy can't relate to what they're talking about.)
Did you have it underneath?
Did you, Sang Yun?
(He even feels bad about getting the towel.)
Look at this. You can see my facial features.
(What should I do? Shall I come clean?)
This game is really crazy.
Anyway, you lost.
(He has to sleep beside the master.)
- It's Se Hyeong! - You'll wash his feet,
sing him a lullaby, and do a facial mask with him in matching pajamas.
I can't play another round of this.
I absolutely can't. Don't even think about suggesting another round.
I'm serious.
If you do, it might turn into a fight.
That's just not happening.
(Seeing Se Hyeong all downcast, Sang Yun feels...)
(Sang Yun, just tell them the truth. You're a good person.)
Sang Yun, was it okay for you?
It obviously wasn't okay.
All right, guys. Let's play it for real now.
What?
(What's he saying?)
To tell you the truth, I didn't have my face in the snow the whole time.
(Sang Yun came clean.)
(What on earth is he saying now?)
Sorry? What do you mean?
(He didn't do it the whole time?)
I was just watching you guys.
Seriously? Is he being serious now?
- Seriously? - I can't lie.
(We can't believe this.)
What?
I can't lie because I feel too guilty. I'm sorry, guys.
What do you think you're doing now?
I thought that's how it's done on variety shows.
I glanced at you guys and saw that you guys all did it.
I didn't dunk my face because I thought you guys might fool me.
- Gosh, this is... - You've been fooling me all along.
(We have fooled you many times.)
(You guys lied to me and said that I'd be the master.)
(And that prank about a random strand of hair...)
(almost gave me a heart attack.)
(Then you guys made me jump all by myself.)
- What is this? - Ready? Here we go. Let's do this!
- 1, 2, 3. - 1, 2...
(I made a solemn promise to myself...)
(that I won't let you guys fool me ever again.)
I didn't dunk my face because I thought you guys might fool me.
(We do understand it, but...)
That's why you were...
I can't even say anything because I'm utterly shocked.
How are supposed to accept this?
Wait, you didn't do it either?
What are you talking about? My makeup is imprinted on the snow.
- But it's... - You're telling the truth, right?
Yes, of course. I totally did it.
I saw everything. All three of you did it.
(Gosh, that guy...)
- Goodness, this is... - Let's play it for real now.
- All three of you did it. - How long did we do it for?
First, keep your face in the snow for 52 seconds.
- You need to experience it. - I thought my face was paralyzed.
You have to feel what it's really like...
to be able to understand why we've been going on about it.
I thought my face was going to be paralyzed. I'm serious.
You need to endure that 52 seconds for us to play another round.
- No, no. Sang Yun. - Only then...
(You must endure it for us to move on to another round.)
- No, we can't do that. - Why? What's the problem?
Technically, you came in dead last.
- That's right. - We shouldn't have to play again.
What matters is whether Sang Yun can endure 52 seconds or not.
Gosh, how ruthless. We're in this together, you know.
- What are you talking about? - Hey, listen.
- What I mean is... - That has nothing to do with this.
What I mean is...
- we're doing this because... - I'm out!
Hey, Seong Jae threw that thing.
It's between the two of you now.
It's a great chance for you.
It means that you can still get out of it.
Hey, he can even tolerate all of his hair being pulled out.
How am I supposed to beat him?
You have no choice now.
Anyway, first off... Regardless of what we decide to do,
let's first have Sang Yun bury his face in the snow for 52 seconds.
- No, Se Hyeong. - This game is going nowhere.
Seong Jae and I don't have to do it again.
- Okay, I heard you. Be quiet now. - We're...
Sang Yun, you'll have to keep your face in the snow for 52 seconds.
- We're being so childish. - We'll figure it out after that.
- All right. - This is definitely...
one of the most painful games I've ever played.
- Sang Yun, do it here. - Se Hyeong...
No, you have to do it here. On freshly piled up snow.
Sang Yun, you should dunk your face right in, okay?
I came clean because I felt too guilty.
Sang Yun.
- For 52 seconds. - Okay.
We'll start at the moment you go down.
Get ready.
(Feel the pain, Sang Yun.)
- Like this. - Yes.
(Why do we have to do this?)
- Go deeper. - Good.
Go.
(Diving into snow)
Okay. That's it.
(Sang Yun's pain...)
(is our happiness.)
- It's going to kill him. - It's killing.
It starts to get warm then cold.
(Half face and half snow)
He's tough. He doesn't even move.
He didn't faint, did he?
- Sprouts don't grow, but needles. - Right.
It burns your face.
He's so tough.
(As if he's apologizing to them...)
He doesn't even move.
(He shouldn't bear it so well.)
- No. - Is he breathing?
(He's close.)
- Be quiet. Don't talk. - Okay.
He still has lots of time left.
He still has a lot left.
He's so tough.
(He's tough.)
(Will Sang Yun be able to endure 52 seconds?)
- You can get up now. - Time's up.
How was it?
Right. I have to see the outline.
(Trace of 52 seconds of endurance)
- I see the line. - This is no joke.
Do you understand why we were like that?
I'm sorry.
- I'm really sorry. - Seriously?
- Don't be like that, Sang Yun. - It's no joke, right?
- Seriously this is... - I'm really sorry.
This game kills people.
Who suggested it? Oh, it was me.
Gosh. It's tough.
My heart beats fast.
(My heart was beating faster.)
- Because... - It's no joke, isn't it?
My breath melts the snow,
and it enters my nose.
- I know. - Yes.
(You didn't experience it alone.)
- Then now... - It's no joke.
(We know.)
(Since Sang Yun endured it...)
You two can decide.
No. All four of us should do it.
Right. All of us should do it.
- You won. - Then you...
- Seong Jae. Let me be clear. - You endured it for 55 seconds.
When someone does...
something wrong in the game,
we start over.
Right.
- Right. - Hey.
- I'm not arguing, Seung Gi. - Right.
It'll be no fun if just two of us decide it.
- Right. - Then it's invalid.
It's not invalid.
You cheated on your will.
- But he confessed on his will. - What?
(But he confessed on his will.)
What?
(He makes a point.)
It evens out.
- It's even. - He's right.
I could go for longer.
I can do it for three minutes.
If you do it for three minutes, I'll do it all.
(I'll take three minutes, and I'm going all in.)
- I'm serious. - No.
- I'm just saying. - If you do it for three minutes,
you take all the pay for this week.
I don't need anything, so do whatever you want.
(I'm here to end this battle.)
(But it's way too cold.)
(Heavy snow)
(There's a heavy snow fall warning.)
(The road is gone.)
(They're isolated in the room.)
(Wise room life in Gangwon Province)
(Members are not used to being isolated.)
(What do we do now?)
(What's that sound?)
(The master's cry fills the room.)
(Even when they're isolated,)
(they're busy playing random games with the master.)
(Don't let your guard down.)
(You may become the target.)
(Even the master too.)
(Wise...)
(Alcoholic...)
(room life with the master)
I think it's salty.
(All the Butlers: Wise Room Life)